[Datastore] Improve `BigQuerySource` documentation to cover credentials (#3466)
mlrun/mlrun: docs/store/datastore.md

### Google cloud storage
* `GOOGLE_APPLICATION_CREDENTIALS` &mdash; path to the application credentials to use (in the form of a JSON file). This can
be used if this file is located in a location on shared storage, accessible to pods executing MLRun jobs.
* `GCP_CREDENTIALS` &mdash; when the credentials file cannot be mounted to the pod, this secret or environment variable
may contain the contents of this file. If configured in the function pod, MLRun dumps its contents to a temporary file 

> and points `GOOGLE_APPLICATION_CREDENTIALS` at it. An exception is `BigQuerySource`, which uses `GCP_CREDENTIALS`
> directly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and points `GOOGLE_APPLICATION_CREDENTIALS` at it. An exception is `BigQuerySource`, which passes `GCP_CREDENTIALS` contents
directly to the BigQuery client.
```

Author: Actually, it passes the contents to Spark.

Author: Ah, and to the client in pandas engine.

Author: ```suggestion
and points `GOOGLE_APPLICATION_CREDENTIALS` at it. An exception is `BigQuerySource`, which passes `GCP_CREDENTIALS`'s
contents directly to the BigQuery client or, when using spark engine, to Spark.
directly.
```
?

Reviewer: That works, though it may be a bit TMI - I'm fine with it.

Author: Could be "directly to the query engine". Wdyt?
